README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Sardar 👋</h1>
<p align="center">
  JavaScript / TypeScript Developer · Automation Enthusiast · Crypto & AI Explorer  
</p>

---

### 💻 About Me

- 🧠 **Mindset:** Skeptic, analyze, test, don't take things at face value
- 📍 **Currently working on:** Developing products with the **React, TypeScript, Next.js, Node.js** stack
- ⚡ **Automation:** Figma → React + CSSModules layout generation, crypto bots, analytics
- 🧪 **Experiments:** Passive income strategies ($10k–$100k/month goal)
- 🧭 **Goal:** Business products, trading, automation, investments

---

### 🚀 Current Projects

- 🧩 Layout generator from Figma → React + CSS Modules
- 🤖 Trading bots — signals + indicators + telemetry
- 📊 Web dashboard for deal analysis and signal rating
- 🛠️ Mini-services for personal efficiency (Telegram + web)

---

### 🧠 Focused on:

- Fast MVP development
- Automation and low-code approaches
- Using AI in development
- Data visualization and analysis
- Cross-linking between products

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-e34f26?logo=html5&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572b6?logo=css3&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TailwindCSS-38b2ac?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-f7df1e?logo=javascript&logoColor=000&style=flat)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-20232A?logo=react&logoColor=61dafb&style=flat)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactRouter-ca4245?logo=react-router&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-764abc?logo=redux&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?logo=next.js&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-007ACC?logo=typescript&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![ChartJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ChartJS-ff6384?logo=chart.js&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![i18next](https://img.shields.io/badge/-i18next-26A69A?logo=react&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express.js-000000?logo=express&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?logo=mongodb&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-4169E1?logo=postgresql&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ed?logo=docker&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/-REST-02569B?logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=fff&style=flat)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Sardar-Atabekov&show_icons=true&theme=radical&title_color=0a66c2&icon_color=70b5f9&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=000000&border_color=0a66c2&hide_border=false" />
</p>

### 🚀 Most Used Languages

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Sardar-Atabekov&layout=compact&theme=radical&title_color=0a66c2&icon_color=70b5f9&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=000000&border_color=0a66c2&hide_border=false" />
</p>

---

### 🧭 Goals

- 💸 Reach $10k+ passive income through AI and crypto bot automation

---

### 📬 Contact

- Telegram: [@Sardar_Atabekov](https://t.me/Sardar_Atabekov)
- GitHub: [Sardar-Atabekov](https://github.com/Sardar-Atabekov)

Commit message:

Updated section: Current Projects in README.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I'm Sardar 👋</h1>
<p align="center">
  JavaScript / TypeScript Developer · Automation Enthusiast · Crypto & AI Explorer  
</p>

---

### 💻 About Me

- 🧠 **Mindset:** Skeptic, analyze, test, don't take things at face value
- 📍 **Currently working on:** Developing products with the **React, TypeScript, Next.js, Node.js** stack
- ⚡ **Automation:** Figma → React + CSSModules layout generation, crypto bots, analytics
- 🧪 **Experiments:** Passive income strategies ($10k–$100k/month goal)
- 🧭 **Goal:** Business products, trading, automation, investments

---

### 🚀 Current Projects

- 🧩 Layout generator by Figma → React + Tailwind / CSS Modules
- 🤖 Trading bots - signals + indicators + telemetry
- 📊 Web panel for analyzing trades and evaluating signals
- 🛠️ Interactive CLI generator of frontend and backend projects with customizable stack & architecture  

---

### 🧠 Focused on:

- Fast MVP development
- Automation and low-code approaches
- Using AI in development
- Data visualization and analysis
- Cross-linking between products

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-e34f26?logo=html5&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572b6?logo=css3&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TailwindCSS-38b2ac?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-f7df1e?logo=javascript&logoColor=000&style=flat)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-20232A?logo=react&logoColor=61dafb&style=flat)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactRouter-ca4245?logo=react-router&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-764abc?logo=redux&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?logo=next.js&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-007ACC?logo=typescript&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![ChartJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ChartJS-ff6384?logo=chart.js&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![i18next](https://img.shields.io/badge/-i18next-26A69A?logo=react&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?logo=node.js&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express.js-000000?logo=express&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?logo=mongodb&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-4169E1?logo=postgresql&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ed?logo=docker&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?logo=git&logoColor=fff&style=flat)
![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/-REST-02569B?logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=fff&style=flat)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Sardar-Atabekov&show_icons=true&theme=radical&title_color=0a66c2&icon_color=70b5f9&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=000000&border_color=0a66c2&hide_border=false" />
</p>

### 🚀 Most Used Languages

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Sardar-Atabekov&layout=compact&theme=radical&title_color=0a66c2&icon_color=70b5f9&text_color=ffffff&bg_color=000000&border_color=0a66c2&hide_border=false" />
</p>

---

### 🧭 Goals

- 💸 Reach $10k+ passive income through AI and crypto bot automation

---

### 📬 Contact

- Telegram: [@Sardar_Atabekov](https://t.me/Sardar_Atabekov)
- GitHub: [Sardar-Atabekov](https://github.com/Sardar-Atabekov)
